Change: Update the README file template (#210)
greenbone/python-project-template: README.md

# FIXME: Python Project Template <!-- omit in toc -->

FIXME: This repository contains template files for new python projects

## Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Version](#version)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Install using pip](#install-using-pip)
- [Example](#example)
- [Support](#support)
- [Maintainer](#maintainer)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Documentation

FIXME: Link to documentation or documentation here

## Installation

FIXME: Put a link to installation guide or INSTALL.md, or short install description

### Requirements

FIXME: Python 3.7 and later is supported.

## Support

For any question on the usage of <FIXME> please use the
[Greenbone Community Portal](https://community.greenbone.net/c/gmp). If you
found a problem with the software, please
[create an issue](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/issues)
on GitHub.

## Maintainer

This project is maintained by [Greenbone Networks GmbH](https://www.greenbone.net/).

## Contributing

Your contributions are highly appreciated. Please

> [create a pull request](https://github.com/greenbone/python-gvm/pulls) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[create a pull request](https://github.com/greenbone/<project>/pulls) on GitHub.
```

For bigger changes, please discuss it first in the

> [issues](https://github.com/greenbone/python-gvm/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[issues](https://github.com/greenbone/<project>/issues).
```
